Add ability to change IP and port (#17)
GDQuest/zed-gdscript: README.md

## Configuration

> This extension assumes the Godot Language Server is running on the default IP `127.0.0.1` and port `6005`. If you need to change these settings, put the following in your `settings.json`:
> 
> ```
> {
>   "lsp": {
>     "gdscript": {
>       "binary": {
>         "arguments": ["127.0.0.1", "6005"]
>       }
>     }
>   }
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Godot's language server is part of the Godot editor, and you need to open your project in Godot to use it.

By default, the extension matches the default settings of the Godot editor to connect to its language server:

- Remote Host: 127.0.0.1
- Remote Port: 6005

You can change these settings by adding the following JSON configuration to your `settings.json` file:

```json
{
  "lsp": {
    "gdscript": {
      "binary": {
        "arguments": ["127.0.0.1", "6005"]
      }
    }
  }
}
```
```
```
